P124
As the girls enter into the next room, an odd sight greets them. What looks like piles of fabric lay all about a spinning wheel in the centre, being tended to by an invisible force.

“Oh!” A disembodied voice calls, “You must be the poor filly looking for her clothes!” Trixie’s ears prick up and she pushes past Twilight towards the loom.

“Y-yes? That’s me?” Trixie addresses the spirit, Twilight following closely.

“Oh well then, I’ll be able to help you there… I’m going to need some material though… and uh, what colour were your clothes again?” The ghost ponders.

“Purple.” Trixie answers, wondering if the ghost might be blind as she looks around at the piles of cloth consisting of all the colours a seamstress could ever hope for.

“Well that’s brilliant then! You’ve even brought some with you!” For a moment Trixie thinks the ghost has realised that is has a bountiful hoard of threads to use, until she notices Twilight moving past her view.

“Twilight, where are you going?”

“Trixie, what’s it doing? I can’t stop! Help!” Twilight squeals, but as Trixie grabs her, Twilight’s raised leg begins to disappear into the threader of the loom. As more and more feeds in, Trixie realises that her efforts are useless and despite a sense of abandonment and guilt, lets go of Twilight’s leg, allowing her to be completely subsumed by the ghost’s device.

Wincing and wrapping her ears over her eyes as Twilight continues to yell and thrash about, Trixie waits until it’s all over to unshield her eyes.

“There you go! Good as new, I hope you like them!” The ghost chirps before disappearing.

Trixie trots up to her new hat and cape, spinning the first around to find Twilight’s eyes plastered on the front of the brim, gazing up at her with a great fear in her eyes, from somewhere tears begin to form on the fabric of Twilight’s new body.

“No don’t cry, come on, Trixie will get us out of here Twilight and then we can get you back to normal, okay?”

GOT ‘HAT AND CAPE TWILIGHT’

CLICK HERE TO CONTINUE >p125