P15
“What’s this old thing?” Trixie queries, cantering up to the antique clock.

“It’s a grandfather clock, they’re really old and really cool!” Twilight smiles, Trixie rolling her eyes at the last part.

“Hey, something’s wrong,” Twilight remarks.

“What is it?”

“Look it’s stopped ticking.” Pointing up at the still hands on the clock’s face, Twilight opens the wooden hatch on the device’s chest to find the pendulum hanging still.

“Don’t touch it Twilight, let’s go, it’s just a piece of junk.” As Trixie pivots and begins to make her way towards one of the nearby doors, the clock lets out a loud clunk as Twilight resets the pendulum and it begins to swing again.

“Ooh, it still works! That’s so cool! Wait, wait?” She pauses amongst her excitement.

“What is it?” Trixie lets out a quiet groan, not even mustering the energy to face her friendly timewaster.

“It’s… ticking backwards, that’s really weird.”

“Can we please just go?” As Trixie hauls her body around, bothered just enough to grace Twilight with her attention, she cocks her head as she notices something odd. She was sure she just saw that happen… hey! It happened again!

“T-Twilight?”

“Yeah?” Twilight spins, gazing up at Trixie.

“Y-you’re shrinking!” As Trixie alerts Twilight to the sudden change, Twilight withdraws another few inches in height, her eyes enlarging as her body seems to decrease in proportion.

“Nuhuh!” Twilight squeals childishly, her voice reaching an unusually high pitch. “You’re shrinking!”

Trixie gasps in shock, looking upon her form as she sees herself levelling with Twilight, her own body returning to filly-like proportions. The grandfather clock before them ticks furiously as the second hand begins to sweep hours by in reverse, the girls soon finding themselves deep in their childhoods once more, their cutie marks vanishing from their tiny flanks.

They don’t care about cutie marks right now though, as the clock winds to a stop, the fillies look upon one another with a swelling glee before suddenly, Trixie leaps at Twilight. The girls tumble about before galloping after one another, merry giggling and laughter filling the dead quiet of the mansion.

A presence allows the two to find their way towards the nursery room just a corridor away, the girls stopping in their tracks at the sight of a child’s heaven. With toys laden about, the two fillies may never want to grow up ever again!

GAME OVER

CLICK HERE TO GO BACK >p14